
Hearing
=======


> A hearing is a fall-back in those cases where a consensual work-out cannot be made.


A hearing shall be presided over by a “Hearing Panel”, a collection of not less than five Judges of the Tribunal.


Constitution of a Panel
-----------------------


1. The Panel of Judges of the Tribunal shall be constituted as soon as possible after Declaration.


2. The Panel shall consist of five Judges as selected by the Secretariat.


> The above mirrors article 37 of the ICSID treaty.


> The above comes from article 39 of the ICSID treaty. It is probably impractical to have creditors consent to a Judge whose nationality is that of the debtor state, though ICSID permits such consent.


> The above is too vague; it can be made more precise for a financial administration tribunal.


> It may be advisable to allow debtor state to nominate an ad hoc judge, following the ICJ model, in case they are not already represented on the tribunal. This could increase the confidence the debtor state places in the proceedings


Requirements for a decision
---------------------------


> These provisions are from article 74 of the ICC.


>  See also, as an alternative, the ICSID treaty’s Section 4.


1. All the judges of the Panel shall be present at each stage of the hearing and throughout their deliberations. The Judicial Council may, on a case-by-case basis, designate, as available, one or more alternate judges to be present at each stage of the adjudication and to replace a member of the Hearing Panel if that member is unable to continue attending.


2. The Panel’s decision shall be based on its evaluation of the evidence and the entire proceedings. The decision shall not exceed the facts and circumstances alleged in the submissions of parties. The Hearing Panel may base its decision only on evidence submitted and discussed before it at the adjudication.


>  The above is from ICC article 74; the limitations on admissible evidence (eg “submitted and discussed”) may be stronger than is necessary or appropriate for a non-criminal dispute.


3. The Judges shall attempt to achieve unanimity in their decision, failing which the decision shall be taken by a majority of the judges.


4. The deliberations of the Panel shall remain secret.


5. When the decision of the Panel is not unanimous, the Panel’s decision shall contain the views of the majority and the dissenting Judges.
